Detective Recapped here. Today, I'm going
to explain a Drama-Thriller film called: "Funny
Games." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take
care.
George and Ann Farber have decided to spend
some time at their lake house with their son,
Georgie, and dog, Lucky. With their boat in
tow, the family heads to their vacation home
with smiles on their faces. As they near their
property, the Farbers stop by their neighbor
Fred's house, asking if he's joining them
for golf the following day. Fred, who is with
his wife and two young men, says he will.
Ann then asks if he could give them a hand
launching their boat into the water, and Fred
says he'll meet them in 20 minutes. When the
Farbers drive away, Ann wonders why Fred seemed
different and who the men with him were. Georgie
then asks where his friend Jenny is, and his
mother tells him that she's probably at the
beach. When George suggests that the men may
be Fred's relatives, Ann drops the subject.
When they reach their house, Ann instructs
her son to take his stuff to his room. George
enters the house with his golf clubs, and
the family settles in. Ann tells her husband
to take Lucky with him outside, and when he
does, George finds Fred and one of the men
from his house standing by the gate. As they
get in, George apologizes for their dog's
behavior, but the guests don't seem to mind.
Fred introduces Paul to George as the son
of one of his business associates. Ann then
calls Lucky, who won't stop barking at Paul,
before greeting Fred and asking him how Eve
is. Though he's a bit anxious, Fred says he's
fine, and Ann greets Paul, too.
As the men launch the boat into the water,
Georgie expresses his disappointment that
Jenny isn't with them. Georgie is upset because
Jenny has promised to be there with him, but
George doesn't know what to say to his son.
In an attempt to comfort him, George promises
that they will ask Jenny's mother about her
the next day. Letting it go, Georgie asks
his father why Fred is acting strange.
Meanwhile, in the kitchen, Ann is talking
to her friend, Nancy, on the phone. As she
does, Georgie comes in and asks for a sharp
knife, immediately leaving after Ann gives
it to him. Ann then resumes her conversation
with her friend, urging her to drop by their
lake house. When Georgie comes back, she tells
Nancy to call her if ever she decides to come
over. Ann asks Georgie why he's back, and
the boy informs her that they have a visitor.
Ann goes to the door to see who it is, and
she finds the other man from Fred's house,
Peter. She then lets him in, asking what he
needs, and Peter shyly asks for eggs. He says
that Eve sent him over to see if Ann could
give her some.
Without hesitation, Ann prepares the eggs
then asks Peter how he got inside their property.
Peter says he got in down by the water, and
when Ann points out that he's not wet, he
adds that he went through the hole by the
fence. Not giving it much thought, Ann gives
Peter the eggs and asks him to give her regards
to Eve. However, Peter drops the eggs when
he's about to leave, and while Ann goes back
to the kitchen to get some towels for the
mess, Peter keeps looking around the house.
Peter apologizes to Ann as she cleans the
floor before casually asking for four more
eggs. Trying to be nice, Ann prepares the
other four eggs for Peter, and as she does,
Peter discreetly but purposely drops the house
phone in the sink. Ann quickly takes it out
of the water, and despite her irritation,
she just politely asks Peter to leave.
Ann relaxes a little once Peter is gone, but
when she hears Lucky furiously barking outside,
she decides to check it out. She then discovers
that Lucky is barking at Peter and Paul, who
are still inside their house. She apologizes
to the young men, asking them if they're hurt,
and Peter claims that Lucky jumped on him.
Embarrassed, Ann asks if they want her to
lock Lucky up so they can leave, but Paul
assures her it won't be necessary. He then
notices George's golf clubs, and when he asks
Ann if he can try using one outside, Ann reluctantly
lets him.
Outside, George and Georgie both wonder why
Lucky keeps on barking, shouting at the dog
to keep quiet. When the dog finally stops
making noise, George decides to take a look,
unknowingly dropping Georgie's borrowed knife
on the boat. When Ann goes outside to look
for Lucky, she bumps into Paul, who thanks
her for letting him use the club. As Ann is
about to return to the house, Paul asks her
if she's given the eggs to Tom, confusing
her. Paul then goes back to the Farbers' house
without invitation, and when Ann gets inside,
she tells the strangers to leave her out of
their game. Playing dumb, Paul asks Ann what
game she's talking about and if they've done
something to upset her. Fed up, Ann ignores
his question and tells them to leave, but
the guests insist on having the eggs first.
Taken aback by their audacity, she grabs Peter
by the arm just to make him leave. When George
finally arrives and asks what's happening,
Peter and Paul explain why they're there and
what they want, making Ann seem like the bad
guy. Georgie then arrives, too, and witnesses
the whole thing. To end the argument with
the guests, Ann retrieves four more eggs from
the kitchen and asks George to give them to
the men. Instead of just handing the eggs
to Paul, George asks her why she's so upset,
but Ann won't justify herself in front of
the strangers. When she finally goes into
another room, George apologizes to Peter and
Paul and nicely asks them to leave. But again,
the men are insistent on getting the eggs
first. Paul then insults George, prompting
George to slap the rude man. In retaliation,
Peter hits George in the legs with a golf
club.
Georgie rushes to his father's side as he
collapses on the floor before attacking the
strangers. But of course, he hardly causes
them any harm. Paul easily pins the kid to
the floor, asking him to behave himself before
he gets hurt. When Ann comes out of the room
and sees George down, Paul explains that her
husband slapped him. Ann and Georgie then
tend to George, and as they help him sit on
a chair, Paul insists on having Peter check
his leg since he's a medical student. However,
George just wants them gone, and when Paul
says neither he nor "Tom" will stop them from
calling an ambulance or the cops, Ann informs
her husband that Peter dropped the phone in
the sink.
Georgie is crying at this point, and George
demands to know why these strangers are tormenting
them, to which Paul announces that they'll
be playing a guessing game. He then shows
them a golf ball, asking them why he has it.
When the family doesn't answer, Peter says
Paul didn't get to hit it because something
stopped him. Proud of his friend's correct
answer, Paul arrogantly tells them he had
to use the club on something else, making
Ann realize that he killed Lucky.
Outside, Paul guides Ann as she looks for
Lucky, giving her hints so she'll quickly
find him. When Ann approaches their car, Paul
looks at his imaginary audience and smiles
before giving Ann more clues about Lucky's
location. Finally, Ann opens the car and gasps
when Lucky's body falls to the ground. Suddenly,
Ann's friends arrive at the dock, and Paul
tells her not to alert them. Ann then greets
Betsy and Robert, and Betsy introduces her
sister-in-law to Ann. Ann introduces Paul
to them, too, saying he's staying with their
neighbors, and when Betsy asks about George,
Ann lies and says he's resting after pulling
a muscle from putting up the mast. As Ann's
friends are about to leave, Paul asks them
where their dock is, and after Betsy tells
him where, she bids them goodbye. Back at
the house, Peter asks Georgie to get him some
food from the kitchen, warning him not to
try anything funny.
When Ann and Paul return, Ann tells them their
friends are coming over in two hours, but
Peter doesn't believe her, saying he heard
her conversation with Nancy in the kitchen.
Ann and Georgie then help George to the couch,
and when Peter and Paul continue hounding
them, Ann begs them to stop. Pleased with
Ann's politeness, Paul apologizes to George
for his behavior as Ann leaves the room to
get some painkillers. He then properly introduces
himself and Peter to George. But George ignores
them, so when Ann returns to give him some
medicine, Peter shoves her to the couch. With
Ann landing on his hurt body, George cries
in pain. Furious, Ann tries attacking Paul,
but he easily subdues her by punching her
in the gut while Peter steps on George's leg.
Georgie tries fighting back, too, but Paul
warns him to stop, threatening to hurt Ann
if he doesn't.
When everybody finally calms down, George
asks the strangers again why they're tormenting
them. Turning to his friend, Paul tells Peter
to answer George's question, but Peter starts
getting emotional and cries. Tired of Peter's
drama, Paul tells everyone that Peter is the
way he is because his mother divorced his
father when he was just a boy. Upset, Peter
says Paul is lying, but Paul keeps talking
about Peter's past, enjoying seeing his friend
in pain. As Paul continues using profanities,
George asks him to stop for his son's sake.
Paul then complies, saying that none of what
he just said is even true. He then chuckles
when Peter finally smiles. As the Farbers
cry on the couch, Peter goes to the kitchen
to find something to eat. Paul then claims
that he and Peter are drug addicts who like
to rob wealthy families in their vacation
homes to support their habit. Paul asks Peter
for the time as he returns from the kitchen
with snacks, and when Peter tells him it's
already past eight, Paul announces that they
will have a bet.
He tells the Farbers to bet that they will
still be alive after 12 hours, while he and
Peter will bet that they'll be dead. Confused,
Ann looks to her husband, who is equally befuddled.
Paul then looks to the imaginary camera and
talks to the imaginary audience, asking them
if they think the Farbers stand a chance.
Tired and hurt, George tells them to just
get their money and leave, saying Fred and
Eve will eventually come over to check on
them. However, Paul completely ignores him,
while Peter asks Ann to cook some food for
them. Irritated, Paul tells him to watch his
weight, and Peter gets offended, telling Paul
to stop making fun of his body. Their attention
then shifts to Ann's body, and when she gets
offended, she tries to walk out of the room.
Georgie attempts to do the same, but Peter
grabs him. Paul asks for his name, and when
the boy answers, Paul announces that they'll
play another game. Ann protests, but Paul
ignores her and puts a pillowcase over Georgie's
head. Peter grabs Ann as she tries to stop
them, and while Georgie struggles to break
free from him, Paul assures them that nothing
bad will happen to the kid.
To start the game, Paul tells Ann to undress
for them, but when she doesn't, Paul bends
one of Georgie's fingers, making the boy scream.
George begs Paul to stop, but Paul only continues
to hurt Georgie. Paul then orders George to
get his wife to undress, and with no other
choice, George tells Ann to remove her clothes.
While the strangers watch, Ann cries as she
takes her clothes off. Once Ann is completely
unclothed, Paul compliments her for being
fit before asking her to get dressed again.
Humiliated, Ann does as she's told, while
Paul tells Peter to take Georgie to the bathroom
after the kid peed in his pants. As Peter
is about to take Georgie away, Ann and George
attack the men, giving the boy a chance to
run away. Georgie goes upstairs and escapes
through the balcony while Peter and Paul are
binding his parents. Paul then leaves to find
Georgie, who tries and fails to climb over
the gate. Georgie waddles through the waters
and goes to Fred's house, then immediately
hides inside once he sees Paul coming. When
Georgie notices the water trail he's left
on the floor, he quickly removes his shoes
and pants to avoid being followed. Georgie
then hides in one of the rooms, where he notices
a gun in the hallway. As he is about to get
it, he sees a dead body lying on the bathroom
floor, causing him to panic and hide again.
However, he returns to the hallway to retrieve
the gun before finally going back into hiding.
When Georgie decides to leave the room, he
unluckily comes face to face with Paul in
the hallway. Georgie begs him not to go near
him, but Paul just calmly instructs Georgie
to cock the gun while walking toward him.
Scared, Georgie points the gun at Paul, and
when Paul tells him to pull the trigger, the
boy obeys. Unfortunately, the gun is not loaded,
leaving Georgie in more trouble. Meanwhile,
with Peter briefly leaving the room, Ann hops
over to George to get her husband to unbind
her. Unfortunately, Peter quickly returns
and stops them, dropping the carton of eggs
in the process. Trying her luck, Ann begs
Peter to let them go, but the young man won't
listen to her and says she's only degrading
herself.
When Paul and Georgie return, the kid tells
his mother that Jenny is dead. As Paul gives
Fred's hunting rifle to Peter, he informs
Georgie's parents that their son tried to
kill him. Paul then asks Peter what time it
is, and when Peter says it's already after
11, Paul suggests they resume their game.
After they load the gun, Paul starts choosing
who among the Farbers they will shoot first,
leaving the poor family in tears. Unable to
decide, Paul goes to the kitchen to fix himself
a sandwich, while Peter continues to select
which of the three he'll kill. The gun suddenly
goes off while Paul is preparing his food,
but he just ignores it and continues what
he's doing. The couple's screams then follow
the sound, and when Paul returns to the living
room, he scolds Peter for not following the
rules and shooting the wrong person. However,
Peter argues that the person he shot tried
to run away, but Paul is having none of it.
After learning that it's almost midnight,
Paul decides that it's time for them to leave,
and he casually tells them to have a nice
evening.
Once the intruders leave, neither George nor
Ann moves. Eventually, Ann gets to her senses,
so she hops around the house to turn off the
television. As Ann kneels on the floor, she
avoids looking at her son's dead body. She
tells George that the intruders are gone,
but he doesn't answer her. Ann makes her way
to the kitchen by hopping and manages to unbind
herself before returning to the living room
with a knife. George weeps, and though Ann
is comforting him, she encourages him to get
himself together before the men come back.
Despite his pain, George lets Ann help him
get up, only to realize that they're locked
inside the house. Frustrated, George tells
Ann to just leave him since he's dead weight,
but Ann opposes, saying the gate is probably
locked, too. Realizing his wife might be right,
George instructs Ann to get the pliers and
cut through the fence, reminding her to be
careful. He then tells her to get dressed,
and as Ann puts on her clothes, George informs
her he'll hide in the cellar and wait for
her to come back.
Before leaving, Ann realizes that her phone
is already getting a signal, but she fails
to make a call. With George's phone in the
car, Ann desperately tries to make hers work
by wiping it with a towel before deciding
to use a hairdryer on it. When George informs
her that the phone still isn't working, Ann
suddenly throws up, making George feel bad.
After cleaning herself, Ann tries with the
hairdryer again. With the attempt still ending
in a failure, George tells her not to waste
any more time. He asks Ann to help move him
further into the kitchen, and after that,
Ann prepares to leave. George asks for Ann's
forgiveness before she goes, but Ann only
cries and kisses George, telling him how much
she loves him.
As Ann cuts her way through the fence, she
tries screaming for help, but nobody hears
her. She then walks on the road, and when
she sees a car approaching her, Ann decides
to hide behind a tree. When she sees the vehicle
that has just passed isn't the intruders',
Ann tries calling it back for help, but the
car is already too far away. However, it isn't
long when another car shows up. Meanwhile,
George finally manages to call 911, but the
operator can't understand him. Realizing that
it's just useless, George gives up on his
second attempt to make a call. He then goes
to the living room to put a blanket over Georgie's
dead body, and when he's about to sit, he
notices a golf ball rolling on the floor.
Peter and Paul return with Ann, who is once
again bound and gagged. After beating up George
and learning that he has managed to call 911,
Paul reminds Peter to shoot the right person
in their next game.
Paul then removes Ann's gag and tells her
the rules of their new game, but George instructs
his wife not to cooperate and just let the
men do whatever they want with them. Annoyed,
Paul asks the audience if they think the Farbers
have already had enough, only to proceed with
the game anyway. Paul wants Ann to decide
which person will die next and whether that
person will die by a gun or knife. When Ann
doesn't answer, Paul orders Peter to hurt
George, pushing Ann to spit at Paul. Crying,
Ann asks Paul what to do, and the young man
tells her to say a prayer. However, Ann doesn't
know any prayers, so Paul asks Peter to teach
her one. When Paul repeats the prayer to Ann
and asks her to kneel, Ann finally recites
the short prayer while sobbing. Impressed,
Paul asks Ann to say the prayer backwards,
but Ann sees an opportunity to grab the gun.
She immediately shoots Peter, leaving Paul
to scream as his friend gets shot. He then
takes the gun from Ann before hitting her
with it. Paul frantically searches the living
room for the remote control, and upon finding
it, he presses the rewind button. He fully
breaks the fourth wall with this, and they
go back in time to prevent Peter's death.
Back to when Ann attempts to grab the gun,
Paul easily gets it first. He's annoyed now
that Ann broke the rules, so he shoots George
without remorse.
The next day, Peter and Paul take Ann to the
boat, where she remains bound and gagged.
Once they sail, Ann notices the knife that
George has dropped earlier and tries to cut
herself free. Unfortunately, the men quickly
notice what she's doing, and Peter takes the
knife away from her before tossing it away.
He then helps Ann sit between him and Paul,
and as he talks about being inside a black
hole, Paul asks him for the time. When Peter
tells him it's already after 8, Paul kisses
Ann before casually pushing her overboard.
Surprised, Peter asks why Paul did it since
Ann still has some time left, and Paul just
chuckles, saying he's getting hungry. The
intruders then sail to Betsy's place, where
Paul tells Betsy that Ann has sent him, and
he reminds her that they met the previous
day. Paul then asks Betsy for eggs, saying
that Ann needs them, and the clueless woman
lets him inside the house. As Betsy goes to
the kitchen to get the eggs, Paul looks around
the house before creepily staring into the
camera.